New_To_Do.md, before:

video:https://youtu.be/kmF9FbqRoIw

Overall

1. Keep working on layout responsiveness.
  [RW] - Save this for after we've made specific changes requested by J.P.

2. Style header buttons on hover and when on the current page.
    [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  Jordan needs to make final styling decisions, but mechanisms are in place.

Home

1. Align header to the middle of the parallelogram.

2. Button text still a bit too small.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  See Styles.CSS / .btn{} to make changes.

About

1. Make sure all headers are closer in proximity to content that follows.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  See Styles.CSS / p{} to make changes but beware that changes made here will apply everywhere p{} is used.

2. Line-height is a bit tight on paragraphs, moving from line-height:1.3to somewhere between 1.5-1.6 could make this more legible.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  See Styles.CSS / p{} to make changes but beware that changes made here will apply everywhere p{} is used.

Case Study

1. Might not have enough contrast on case study menu when active.

2. Same as with about, line-height is a bit tight on paragraphs, moving from line-height:1.3 to somewhere between 1.5-1.6 could make this more legible.

3. Polish Competitive chart a bit more

4. Personas need a bit more work. Different dot colors, change the cursor to draggable on hover.

5. User flows cropped

6. Add testing and takeaways before moving to branding.

7. Paddings on wireframes/sketches

8. Some other small adjustments but we can go over them during sessions since those might be solved once you iron out responsiveness.

HIGH priority
22. Look at Firefox Inspect tool for ability to render different media formats
44. header_distributed add :hover state for links .gallery , .about
72. project1 > testing & prototypes > file upload , dashboard, doc editor,     landing page
    add "before" & "after" text under images
73. user flows change the image so it's thinner (download new img)
74. Make the quad graph a responsive CSS drawing.
75. make the comp ana icons smaller and better aligned
76. project1 > user personas > quote - add max-width so it doesn't overlap with user persona & pull the text in front of the circle , maybe make it a smaller circle inside the grid so we don't have problems with sizing , user personas title is not formatted correctly, also align title with edge of user persona but make sure it is in alignment with content above
77. font selection is not rendering the correct fonts (archivo, roboto etc.)
78. look at spacing on parallelogram with icons.... either make the circle smaller so there is less white space or push the para into the row above.
79. work on the testing and prototyping section to see if the two columns will align with the grid 3-6 & 8-11 and be responsive. Also add three columns to the landing page section.
80. lessons learned > change section header to conclusion and pull lessons learned down as a title.
81. rewrite about me - work on page formatting so it looks better when expanded on a bigger screen add Dasha icons
82. Start looking at adding some animations to shapes etc.

LOW priority
21. Move head and footer to include files (to reduce need to maintain them separately on each HTML page)
1. Case study main body uses .section -> change to .section_CS for future (for continuity when adding further pages)
47. Gallery vs. Portfolio
49. Might take a swing at fixing the line drawing from the footer in a group session
50. Seems like the header changes sizes between index, project1 and about.

Commit message:

Increased contrast on case study sticky menu active items.

New_To_Do.md, after:

video:https://youtu.be/kmF9FbqRoIw

Overall

1. Keep working on layout responsiveness.
  [RW] - Save this for after we've made specific changes requested by J.P.

2. Style header buttons on hover and when on the current page.
    [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  Jordan needs to make final styling decisions, but mechanisms are in place.

Home

1. Align header to the middle of the parallelogram.

2. Button text still a bit too small.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  See Styles.CSS / .btn{} to make changes.

About

1. Make sure all headers are closer in proximity to content that follows.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  See Styles.CSS / p{} to make changes but beware that changes made here will apply everywhere p{} is used.

2. Line-height is a bit tight on paragraphs, moving from line-height:1.3to somewhere between 1.5-1.6 could make this more legible.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master.  See Styles.CSS / p{} to make changes but beware that changes made here will apply everywhere p{} is used.

Case Study

1. Might not have enough contrast on case study menu when active.
  [RW] - Done and pushed to Master. See Styles.CSS / nav ul li.active {}

2. Same as with about, line-height is a bit tight on paragraphs, moving from line-height:1.3 to somewhere between 1.5-1.6 could make this more legible.

3. Polish Competitive chart a bit more

4. Personas need a bit more work. Different dot colors, change the cursor to draggable on hover.

5. User flows cropped

6. Add testing and takeaways before moving to branding.

7. Paddings on wireframes/sketches

8. Some other small adjustments but we can go over them during sessions since those might be solved once you iron out responsiveness.

HIGH priority
22. Look at Firefox Inspect tool for ability to render different media formats
44. header_distributed add :hover state for links .gallery , .about
72. project1 > testing & prototypes > file upload , dashboard, doc editor,     landing page
    add "before" & "after" text under images
73. user flows change the image so it's thinner (download new img)
74. Make the quad graph a responsive CSS drawing.
75. make the comp ana icons smaller and better aligned
76. project1 > user personas > quote - add max-width so it doesn't overlap with user persona & pull the text in front of the circle , maybe make it a smaller circle inside the grid so we don't have problems with sizing , user personas title is not formatted correctly, also align title with edge of user persona but make sure it is in alignment with content above
77. font selection is not rendering the correct fonts (archivo, roboto etc.)
78. look at spacing on parallelogram with icons.... either make the circle smaller so there is less white space or push the para into the row above.
79. work on the testing and prototyping section to see if the two columns will align with the grid 3-6 & 8-11 and be responsive. Also add three columns to the landing page section.
80. lessons learned > change section header to conclusion and pull lessons learned down as a title.
81. rewrite about me - work on page formatting so it looks better when expanded on a bigger screen add Dasha icons
82. Start looking at adding some animations to shapes etc.

LOW priority
21. Move head and footer to include files (to reduce need to maintain them separately on each HTML page)
1. Case study main body uses .section -> change to .section_CS for future (for continuity when adding further pages)
47. Gallery vs. Portfolio
49. Might take a swing at fixing the line drawing from the footer in a group session
50. Seems like the header changes sizes between index, project1 and about.
