Portfolio_TODO.md, before:

1. Case study main body uses .section -> change to .section_CS for future
7. Make the quad graph a responsive CSS drawing.
    - D: I don't know what this means. Can you explain?
8. Reorder the CSS to alphabetical so it's easier to reference.
    - D: Did your mentor tell you to do this?  I'm not sure I agree, but probably a matter of preference. I prefer to keep elements grouped in the order in which they are used.
20. Add second (and third?) carousel item to project1.html
21. Move head and footer to include files (to reduce need to maintain them separately on each HTML page)
22. Look at Firefox Inspect tool for ability to render different media formats
32. Update about me teaser text.
40. Center links in header (drop down a little)


DONE:

2. On landing page, how do I keep the SVG image from distorting?
3. Move the peach circles underneath the quotes.
4. change the quotes to italics.
5. fix the sub nav bar... needs the text links formatted.
6. On project1.html, make section nav bar sticky to top of page
9. Fix the user research numbers section. The % is supposed to be left and the words to the right. Also a small peach circle.
10. Fix JW logo to link to index.html
11. Make peach circle a little transparent (this applies to ALL .circle objects)
12. On project1.html, make section nav bar links underline switches as you enter new sections?
13. On project1.html, there's a sliver of white space at the top of the page
14. project1 > user research > user personas
    I have a second user persona. I would like the user persona to be clickable to see the second user persona.
15. project1 > information architecture > user stories visual
    I need the text on top of the parallelogram. I also need the titles of each column "role, task and importance" to align to the left.
15. project1 > sticky_nav
      each link is in hover state while scrolling through that section. So user can easily glance at what section they are in.
16. Discovery & Research - fix circle under Italics Quote so that it doesn't distort
17. project1 > wireframes > wireframe images
      the text underneath the image needs to be centered
23. Logo on landing page (pink) does not match design color (teal.) Make consistent.
24. Header link color (brown) does not match design color (white.) Make consistent.
25. On index.html remove 'See' from 'See my featured work' and update design.
26. On index.html color for 'See my featured work' does not match design color. Make consistent.
27. On index.html 'User Research / Identity / Design' has '.'s as separators instead of '/'s. Make consistent.  I like the bullets better.
28. 'View case study button'  Upper case / lower case inconsistency
29. On index.html, check font on 'About Me' Also check case inconsistency.
30. Check all buttons for upper/lower case consistency.  Go with one or the other throughout.  Then synch up design to match.
31. "Whether it’s working at a restaurant, sales in a luxury market, or hosting a supper club. " incomplete sentence.
33. Footer: Fix copyright so it's all on one line.
34. Footer: Fix social media icons.
35. Footer: Fix line art.
36. About.html: fix Jordan pic to move up (off the bottom of the shape) and to the left a bit.
37. About.html: add bullets to 'in my spare time' items

Commit message:

JW fixed chrome issues on index.html

Portfolio_TODO.md, after:

1. Case study main body uses .section -> change to .section_CS for future
7. Make the quad graph a responsive CSS drawing.
    - D: I don't know what this means. Can you explain?
20. Add third carousel item to project1.html
21. Move head and footer to include files (to reduce need to maintain them separately on each HTML page)
22. Look at Firefox Inspect tool for ability to render different media formats
32. Update about me teaser text.
41. link the buttons on index.html to the about me page and the case study
42. CHROME > landing page > featured work section
      the parallelogram and image are smaller
43. CHROME > landing page > about me section
      the image is squished

DONE:

2. On landing page, how do I keep the SVG image from distorting?
3. Move the peach circles underneath the quotes.
4. change the quotes to italics.
5. fix the sub nav bar... needs the text links formatted.
6. On project1.html, make section nav bar sticky to top of page
9. Fix the user research numbers section. The % is supposed to be left and the words to the right. Also a small peach circle.
10. Fix JW logo to link to index.html
11. Make peach circle a little transparent (this applies to ALL .circle objects)
12. On project1.html, make section nav bar links underline switches as you enter new sections?
13. On project1.html, there's a sliver of white space at the top of the page
14. project1 > user research > user personas
    I have a second user persona. I would like the user persona to be clickable to see the second user persona.
15. project1 > information architecture > user stories visual
    I need the text on top of the parallelogram. I also need the titles of each column "role, task and importance" to align to the left.
15. project1 > sticky_nav
      each link is in hover state while scrolling through that section. So user can easily glance at what section they are in.
16. Discovery & Research - fix circle under Italics Quote so that it doesn't distort
17. project1 > wireframes > wireframe images
      the text underneath the image needs to be centered
23. Logo on landing page (pink) does not match design color (teal.) Make consistent.
24. Header link color (brown) does not match design color (white.) Make consistent.
25. On index.html remove 'See' from 'See my featured work' and update design.
26. On index.html color for 'See my featured work' does not match design color. Make consistent.
27. On index.html 'User Research / Identity / Design' has '.'s as separators instead of '/'s. Make consistent.  I like the bullets better.
28. 'View case study button'  Upper case / lower case inconsistency
29. On index.html, check font on 'About Me' Also check case inconsistency.
30. Check all buttons for upper/lower case consistency.  Go with one or the other throughout.  Then synch up design to match.
31. "Whether it’s working at a restaurant, sales in a luxury market, or hosting a supper club. " incomplete sentence.
33. Footer: Fix copyright so it's all on one line.
34. Footer: Fix social media icons.
35. Footer: Fix line art.
36. About.html: fix Jordan pic to move up (off the bottom of the shape) and to the left a bit.
37. About.html: add bullets to 'in my spare time' items
40. Center links in header (drop down a little)
